= TokBoxer

* http://github.com/njacobeus/tokboxer/

[ Not yet releasable - wait for it to be published on RubyForge ]

== DESCRIPTION:

This is a ruby implementation of the TokBox API. Tokbox is a free video calling / video mailing platform (see http://www.tokbox.com).

All API methods specified in the Tokbox Developer API wiki (http://developers.tokbox.com/index.php/API) are implemented but not all objects yet. So you may have to dig into the hash returned by the call (XML converted to a Ruby hash).

For the moment, this gem currently specifically serves our needs for the implementation of video conversations and video mails on iStockCV (www.istockcv.com), an online recruitment network which we are developing. Your needs may vary so feel free to contact me (nj@belighted.com).

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* Here are the features currently available in TokBoxer:
** Create a guest user or register a user on TokBox
** Get information about a user
** Create a call (persistent or not)
** Retrieve the feed for a user
** Generate embed codes for a player, a recorder, and a call

== SYNOPSIS:

  # To create an instance of the API object:

  api  = TokBoxer::TokBox.new(partner_key, partner_secret, api_server_url) # replace with your own; api_server_url defaults to "http://sandbox.tokbox.com/"

  # To create a user instance:

  user = api.create_guest_user
  # or
  user = api.register_user(firstname, lastname, email)
  # or if you have already created a user previously on TokBox
  user = api.create_user(user_jabber_id, user_secret)

  # To get info about the user object:

  api.get_user_profile(user.jabberId)
  user.access_token_valid? # returns true or false whether the secret of the user is correct or not

  # To create a call

  ...

  # To manipulate feeds:

  ...

== REQUIREMENTS:

* xml-simple
* A partner key and a partner secret at Tokbox (you can get those here: http://developers.tokbox.com/index.php/Main_Page)

== INSTALL:

* sudo gem install tokboxer

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008 Nicolas Jacobeus - Belighted SPRL (http://www.belighted.com/)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.